I said customize so this is legitimate
customization thank you yeah okay hello
good morning everyone me so we had we
are talk was a oh gosh a little stage
fright you're all people I don't like it
when can you say that so our problem
with we were talking about do not
replicate list why would you want to do
replicate Liz maybe you're a business
and you want it to stay legal and you
maybe don't want to replicate that bits
or maybe you're just a person and you
don't want bad bits on your machine so
what did we talk about this whole time
one of our proposals was to make it oh
yeah we'd breaking websites we had a
couple of these problems that we
discovered where when we were thinking
about solutions we would take a CID and
then we'd block the route instead of
blocking the whole tree we had some
rough implementation ideas we had sort
of this sample command where it's you
would just have a deny you passed the
cid and then it would remove the the
root and all of the tree but it wouldn't
block the tree because what if it was
like a website that you wanted to get
does not have and then you accidentally
blocked jQuery and then you'd block
jQuery for every one yourself but
everyone right am I missing anything do
you like it was actually a really nice
easy thing to talk about and there's
actually a proposal that in Sderot did
over the weekend and you guys should go
read that and there should be more
discussion on that not publishing if you
make a list of a horrible content and
you publish that to the Internet one
side effect of that is that there's now
like oh yeah there's a list that you can
see so maybe we should hash the list
instead of actually publishing the list
of see IDs because that would you know
that's a good troll list right there for
everyone
and not breaking the DHD yeah great well
don't break the DHD when you block wool
oh cool thank you